# Practice 1

### Critical judgment of work in any given field has little value unless it comes from someone who is an expert in that field. | Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the claim. In developing and supporting your position, be sure to address the most compelling reasons and/or examples that could be used to challenge your position.

It is difficult to completely disagree with the assertion put forth(提出) for us:"Critical judgment of work in any given field has little value unless it comes from someone who is an expert in that field." As sombody who has spend the bulk of my undergraduate education in the theatre, I have often found myself exasperated when non-theatre people have given intense critiques related to acting, directing, or any numbers of technical design positions. That being said(话虽如此), this is perhaps a good example of the difference between critical judgment and the offering of opinions. Many people assert that opinions are never wrong; honestly, this is another assertion that is difficult to disagree with; however, no matter how firmly one holds opinions, the most unpopular among them can often be a cause for immense controversy. I return to my theatrical example, as it is the example most familiar to me: when many critics praise a certain production,(whether it be on Broadway, regionally, or even at a local high school), any dissenting opion is often called out as unnecessary or angry. Oftentimes this dissenter is accused of having some kind of issue with the creative team or actors involved. More often than I would like, I have seen those whose opinions are different than the norm simply accused of being "jealous." This creates a frustrating arena of opinion - what is the point of expressing opinion if it is simply going to be dismissed unless the critiqued party in question is happy with it? I doubt this is a purely theatrical issue - I am sure those who participate in sciences, math, other liberal arts, and more political minded fields experience the same things every day.

While a large section of critical judgment is the giving of a person's subjective opinion, (perhaps this is redundant - surely all opinions are subjective, if some are more influenced by facts and reasons than others.), the phrase of "critical judgment" implies, in my opinion, a form of analysis and a strong mulling over the material that can really only be achieved effectively by someone whose opinions on the matter they are critiquing are rooted more in previous knowledge on the field than in simple experience alone. To be an "expert" in a field such as theatre is an extremely general term. Perhaps being an "expert" simply means you have acted in seveal productions, served as creative directors for a company, majored in Theatre in some way in college; or perhaps, you have only seen a wealth of the theatre that has allowed you to experience a wide variety of theatrical qualities and choices. Being an "expert", in this case, is as subjective as the opinion itself. However, I must admit, that any critical judgment I received in the theatre has meant much more coming from someone who I considered an "expert" in this field.

For example, if my mother tells me I did an excellent job acting in a production, it is certainly a prideful moment for myself and her, and I am more than happy to accept her support. However, there is something much more innate valuable if New York Times critic Ben Brantley praises my acting, or even a local director I hope to work with in the future takes time out to express their happiness with my performance. This does not make my mother's opinion less valuable in general, but I do believe that it makes it less valuable in terms of my theatrical worth. My mother will think I am great no matter how horrible I am, because she is a good and supportive woman, New York Times critic Ben Brantley has little to no regards of my feeling, and will only praise me because his vast knowledge of Theatre and experience critiquing shows has led him to believe I am a head above the rest.
